Bump minimum PHP support to 7.4 (#796)
10up/plugin-check: CONTRIBUTING.md

In general, all code must follow the [WordPress Coding Standards and best practices](https://developer.wordpress.org/coding-standards/). All code in the Plugin Check plugin must follow these requirements:

- **WordPress**: The plugin's minimum WordPress version requirement is 6.3.

> - **PHP**: The plugin's minimum PHP version requirement is 7.4.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **PHP**: The minimum required version right now is 7.4.
```
